how is it going everybody it is PJ me HD
back with the brand new video and today
bringing video brand new video on the UM
the gun i'm using right now it's the
kap-40 least that's sorry if i forgot
the name or said it wrong the kap-40
year that's at least what i can see from
here on basically i want to do a video
mainly just touching on the subject that
is this weapon overpowered people are
probably going to comment saying no it's
not it's made that way but i feel like
its legit and overpowered weapon like
the fmg9 especially when a Kimbo or dual
wield which i am going to show later on
you know it's kind of the fmg9 of black
ops 2 and it why I think it's
overpowered is this um now I am NOT a
good card player I repeat I am NOT a
good card player I tend to play
borderlands 2 minecraft a little bit
more I prefer Borderlands just a little
bit more it's more of a RPG first-person
shooter which is something I'm a little
more into as a kid I've always loved
pokemon but let's not get into that
story shall we maybe one day or
something I'll probably read a Pokemon
Queen basket you guys if you guys are
fans like me and yes I did slow mo some
stuff I don't know why I did it I got
really bored and I felt like doing
random shit and because this was a kill
figured I'd see Elmo it anyways so yeah
so in all seriousness though um why I
think the kap-40 is a overpowered weapon
now as you can see I tend to get a lot
of kills farther like I can like you
ciega hitmarkers farther but you can see
it's not that hard to get kills and I
feel this gun shouldn't be classified a
pistol but more or less classified
either a submachine gun or special well
not really special gun but a submachine
gun in my opinion and mainly just
because how it reacts and
facts even on some submachine guns you
get even less quality over the kap-40 if
you know what I mean you you don't
really get as many kills and as you can
see in this commentary I do get a lot of
kills a at 14 kills 14 deaths it was
only meant I wasn't going for a game I
was just randomly playing I'm really
tired right now oh when I do this
counter you know and normally i'm all
you know hyped up and whatnot but i
figure you know because there's been a
lot of like game play that's going on my
channel but I fixed that finally a fix
that for all my viewers who enjoy proper
gameplay and you know I I really do
think the kap-40 is overpowered weapon I
don't know if you can correct me if I'm
wrong or anything but maybe is there
going to be a patch I haven't seen
anybody else do a video on how this is a
horrid weapon but I don't know if
there's going to be a patch or something
to decrease it the amount of power it
has because it really is it's just
really good the only issue I find with
it to make it less overpowered it's
similar to the executioner if you guys
know how that's overpowered because it's
like a little shotgun and you can sort
of carry two shotguns around without
having the the what's called the
overkill perk basically what I
personally think with this weapon here
is it similar to the executioner where's
it's really overpowered with weapons
strength not length well I mean this is
a lot you can get hit markers and shots
a lot longer as you can see enum thing
you can see pretty soon because I do
switch over to the other class these
knife or glass I think in this game play
I'm pretty sure I do so you'll see me
also using dual wield and you'll see how
much more the game oh you know it i
think it now yeah you know I work with
the dual wield which is the last class
which is the UM forgot what it's called
Scouter cause I think it is I don't know
I forgot the name but this is me using
you come on as you can see it's pretty
all you really need to do is just sort
of move fast you just gotta walk or you
got a running gun in other words I used
to be my tactic for shotgun usage but um
yeah but like I've been saying people
you know the
the cap for these gun the guns are just
really this gun is very overpowered in
my opinion a loss for words there but
yeah and I am going to go into this
brand new thing so I hope you guys
enjoyed this video remember to subscribe
rate and comment